Update custom_metrics.md (#15580)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/custom_metrics.md

A custom metric is identified by **a unique combination of a metric's name and tag values (including the host tag)**. In general, any metric you send using [DogStatsD][3] or through a [custom Agent Check][4] is a custom metric.

> **Note**: Users with the Datadog Admin roles can see the monthly average number of custom metrics per hour and the top 5000 custom metrics for their account in the [usage details page][5]. Learn more about [how custom metrics are counted][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Users with the Datadog Admin role or `usage_read` permission can see the monthly average number of custom metrics per hour and the top 5000 custom metrics for their account in the [usage details page][5]. Learn more about [how custom metrics are counted][6].
```

Reviewer 2: cool looks good
